[MUSIC]
>> Douglas Crockford: This is
the simplest XSS attack, and
just to show you what
the beast actually looks like.
So, in this attack,
the attacker tricks your user into
clicking on a URL that looks like that.
It's a really weird looking URL with
angle brackets and crazy stuff in it, and
you might think, no user would ever click
on that, and unfortunately, no, they will.
And, if they're smart enough not to
click on a URL that looks like that,
they'll probably click on a bit.ly URL.
It'll probably accept a QR code,
so yeah, they're gonna go there.
And so, it used to be that Web servers,
by default, would simply take
the file name and stick it in the body
of a 404 Page and send it back.
In this case, now in the HTML context,
that becomes a script tag,
which will then execute a load script
from the world's most dangerous server.
They get access to everything
that you've got on the browser.
They've got your cookies,
they've got your local storage,
they've got the Chrome saying
this is a valid thing.
So, when they ask for your password,
everything's good, and
there are thousands, maybe millions,
of variations on this, and
a security expert can get some
theme by discovering another one.
They can always do that because there is
an endless supply of these things, but
the solution to all of
these is exactly the same.
Everything has to be filtered correctly,
everything has to be encoded correctly.
So, if you encode this and turn those
into entities before putting it on,
then it becomes inert, and it becomes
really important to do that everywhere.
If you do that correctly everywhere,
then these sorts of injection
attacks cannot happen.
>> Speaker 2: All right, okay, I think
I'm missing the first part of this, so
you go to yoursite.com, all this nonsense,
this script that's in there.
>> Douglas Crockford: Yeah.
>> Speaker 2: And the server responds with
404, but it sticks that content in it?
>> Douglas Crockford: Yeah,
it takes the filename, puts it in,
says this is the file we couldn't find.
>> Speaker 2: I see, so okay, and
now this script runs a form that says,
please submit your password, and
they send it their password, whatever.
>> Douglas Crockford: Yep.
>> Speaker 2: Whatever it is.
>> Douglas Crockford: Whatever it is.
>> Speaker 2: In fact,
this script can now talk to both sides.
>> Douglas Crockford: Yep.
>> Speaker 3: And you're saying
the mitigation is done in the 404 Page you
have on your server.
>> Douglas Crockford: Right, so in fact,
every page your server can construct
needs to do this coding correctly for
all cases for all inputs.
>> Speaker 2: You should never
tell them what they submitted,
it should just say that page isn't found.
>> Douglas Crockford: Right, like another
example, this is one that doesn't
require a second site on Yahoo.
They used to have profile pages,
and on your profile page,
there's a box for gender.
Being very nice people, they allowed you
to type anything you wanted into that box,
so it wasn't like you have to pick M or F.
They said, whatever you want, that's okay.
There were a lot of people who figured
out, it starts with an angle bracket,
and it's, type a script tag in there.
And so, it means every time anybody
looked at your profile page,
they can steal your account.
There was a similar thing
that happened in MySpace.
There was a guy named Sammy
who figured out MySpace,
at that time, was a little bit smarter and
had some filters.
But, this guy named Sammy figured
out how to get around them, and
so he injected a script that, whenever
anybody looked at his profile page,
the script would run and
then add him to their Heroes list.
Which is the best spot on the friends
list and put that script onto their
page as well, and so the number of
people who had looked at one of
these pages doubled every minute,
or, no, every hour or so.
In 20 hours,
he had control of two million accounts and
about that time MySpace went,
whoa, what's going on?
And they shut it down, but
you can still search out on the Web for
Sammy Is My Hero, and you'll probably
still find some of these out there.
>> Douglas Crockford: So
that's a version of this attack,
and Sammy turns out to be a nice guy.
I don't know if he's a nice guy,
but he recognized, whoops,
I didn't expect I'd take over
too many accounts in a day,
so he'd turn himself in and
was charged with a crime.
>> Speaker 2: Probably got a sweet job
working in the somewhere White House.
>> Douglas Crockford: Yeah,
I'm sure Sammy, I assume he did okay.
He could have been a bad guy, right?
He could have just kept it to himself and
figured out how to exploit
these two million people.
You also need to worry
about concatenation, so
the plus sign operator in
JavaScript is dangerous.
Depending on how you're using it, because
you can be taking bits of string and
putting them together, and in some cases,
if you're just putting together text,
it's not a problem.
But, if you're doing something
like assembling JSON or
assembling HTML,
there is a potential for that to go bad.
So, whenever possible,
you should be using good encoders and
writers and
not just trying to plus things together.
So, I'm very happy to report that
this is no longer apparently
a source of insecurity.
A manager, when being warned that we
need to protect against this would ask,
why would anybody do that?
>> Speaker 2: No.
>> Douglas Crockford: We now know
why he'll do that.
>> Speaker 2: We still hear that.
>> Douglas Crockford: Do you really?
[CROSSTALK] Well, that's a problem.
>> Speaker 2: Yeah.
>> Douglas Crockford: Yeah,
we now know why they will do that,
they will do that because we can
prevent them from doing that.
In the case of some companies,
those companies will unintentionally
pay them to do that, in some cases,
maybe pay them really well to do that.
These are things which are not security,
which are sometimes thought
of as being security.
For example, inconvenience, we can't
stop them, but we can slow them down.
It will put speed bumps on the information
superhighway where will stop them.
That doesn't work, those things tend
to inconvenience you more than them.
It's just, again, if it's not effective,
it's not effective and
don't waste time on it.
Identity is not security.
Finding out who someone is
doesn't answer the question of,
what should they be allowed to do to you?
Tainting is sometimes cited as
a model of security that doesn't work.
It's a model where you try to
track the source of data and
how it's transformed over time, and
try to determine at what point it becomes
tainted or corrupted, but it doesn't work.
And then, finally,
intrusion detection is not security.
There are some system administrators
who are so tired of being hacked,
and they've given up all
hope of stopping it.
They just want to know when it's
happening, but that's that's not security.
The biggest avoidable source of security,
and we'll end here, is mismanagement.
It's when a manager says,
we're going to get this past the security
guys because we've got a deadline.
We've got to meet it,
we've got to get out there.
I got a bonus on the line.
We're going to go, don't let that happen,
you gotta kick it up cuz no
company can afford to have this kind
of stuff going on in their sites, for
any possible short-term gain.